Update remove-licenses-from-users.md (#6698)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/manage/remove-licenses-from-users.md

## What happens to a user's data when you remove their license?

> - When a license is removed from a user, Exchange online data that is associated with that account is held for 30 days. After the 30-day grace period, the data is deleted and can't be recovered. However, It adheres to retention policy and the content that matches retention labels are retained for discovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When a license is removed from a user, Exchange Online data that is associated with that account is held for 30 days. After the 30-day grace period, the data is deleted and can't be recovered. However, it is linked to the retention policy, and the content that matches retention labels is retained for discovery.
```
